# Software developer

**Bio**: Dave is a software developer who is highly skilled in multiple
programming languages. He is always on the lookout for new tools and
technologies that can improve his workflow and make his job easier. He values
flexibility and customizability in software, and is willing to pay for premium
features that help him write code faster and more efficiently.

**Needs/Goals**: Dave's primary goal is to produce high-quality software
products that meet user needs and exceed expectations. He values the ability to
write clean, maintainable, and efficient code, as well as the opportunity to
work on projects that are challenging and intellectually stimulating.

**Frustrations**:Dave is given tight deadlines or unrealistic expectations for
his work, it can be stressful and impact the quality of his code. he values the
ability to work at a comfortable pace and produce high-quality work.and gets
frustrated when portfolios lack detailed project descriptions or don't provide
clear information about the candidate's skills and experience. he also finds it
challenging to assess the candidate's code quality and attention to detail
without access to the actual codebase.

**Scenario 1**: dave comes across a profile with a experience and professional
person. The candidate has clearly labeled sections for projects, skills, and
experience. The projects showcase a range of different development skills,
including responsive design and interactivity. The candidate provides detailed
descriptions of each project, explaining their role and the technologies used.
dave is impressed and decides to reach out to the candidate for further process
to hire him.

<!-- more persona -->

## Senior developer

**Bio**: Alice is a senior developer who is passionate about creating intuitive
and user-friendly interfaces. She values simplicity and usability in software,
and is always looking for ways to improve the user experience. She is looking
for person how can collaborate with her for her personal project.

**Needs/Goals**:Alice is responsible for creating consistent and cohesive design
elements across multiple platforms and devices. She needs a developer who can
easily reuse and modify design elements, such as colors, fonts, and icons with a
well written code and user-friendly. She is looking for a person who can
ease-of-use, and wants tools that allow her to create high-quality projects and
wireframes quickly and efficiently.

**Frustrations**: Alice gets frustrated when bios lack information about the
developer's design sensibilities or fail to provide examples of collaborative
projects

**Scenario 1**:Alice comes across a profile with a clean and professional
website. The candidate has clearly and good design show case her range of web
development skills, including responsive design and interactivity. The candidate
provides detailed descriptions of each project, explaining their role and the
technologies used. Alice is impressed and decides to reach out to the candidate
for further collaboration
